Good evening, Yata.
Yata?
You're so good.
I heard that there's a monster in your house.
Yata?
Good evening.
Is this the one?
Yata?
Are you good?
You're so weird.
You're so good.
Yata!
You're so scary.
Yata, where are you?
I'm going to the toilet.
What do you want?
Yata?
You're so weird.
You're so scary.
Yata?
What do you want?
You're so weird.
You're so scary.
Yata?
You're so weird.
He was lying on the ground.
I'm scared.
Yatsahan came back.
He was a father of a bear.
Yatsahan, who are you?
Who?
Yatsahan?
What's wrong?
He's here.
What?
A monster.
I've been looking for you for half a month.
I found a monster.
He's here.
I'm scared.
I'll go.
No, you can't.
I'm scared.
I'm sorry.
Go.
Yatsahan, come back.
I'll go.
He's lying.
There's a tall man standing on the other side.
There's a tall man standing there.
What?
I'm scared.
What's wrong?
He's lying.
I'm scared.
What?
Wait.
There's a tall man standing there.
He's lying.
I'm scared.
What?
Yatsahan, come back.
I'm scared.
I'll finish selling my rice...
What are you trying to say?
Why don't we make a deal?
It'll be fine kilometer-ish.
I've
many field children
It's going
Every day they'd wash their hands to face the rain
The boss had to work the fields
and buy some
One Japanese man said you did snowing
You protect me
And I act tough
Great!!!
Thank you for watching!